README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/01org/TPM2.0-TSS.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/01org/TPM2.0-TSS)

## TPM (Trusted Platform Module) 2.0 Software Stack (TSS):

This stack consists of the following layers from top to bottom:
* _Feature API (FAPI), see [specification 0.12](http://www.trustedcomputinggroup.org/resources/tss_feature_api_specification), (published but still in progress and unimplemented)_
* _Enhanced System API (ESAPI), (specification in progress and unimplemented)_
* System API (SAPI), see [1.0 specification](http://www.trustedcomputinggroup.org/resources/tss_system_level_api_and_tpm_command_transmission_interface_specification), (public, 0.97 implementation complete). This layer implements the system layer API level of the TSS 2.0 specification.   These functions can be used to access all TPM 2.0 functions as described in Part 3 of the TPM 2.0 specification.  The usefulness of this code extends to all users of the TPM, even those not planning to use the upper layers of the TSS.
* TPM Command Transmission Interface (TCTI), used by SAPI to communicate with next lower layer (either the TAB/RM or TPM 2.0 device driver), see [SAPI specification](http://www.trustedcomputinggroup.org/resources/tss_system_level_api_and_tpm_command_transmission_interface_specification)
* Trusted Access Broker/Resource Manager (TAB/RM), see [0.91 specification](http://www.trustedcomputinggroup.org/resources/tss_tab_and_resource_manager), (public, implementation complete).  This layer sits between the system API library code and the TPM.  It is a daemon that handles all multi-process coordination and manages the TPM's internal resources transparently to applications.

Since the FAPI and ESAPI haven't been implemented yet, this repository only contains the SAPI and layers below it, plus a test application for exercising the SAPI.

The test application, tpmclient, tests many of the commands against the TPM 2.0 simulator.  The tpmclient application can be altered and used as a sandbox to test and develop any TPM 2.0 command sequences, and provides an excellent development and learning vehicle.

## Build and Installation Instructions:

* [Build and test the TPM 2.0 simulator](doc/simulator.md)
* Build and install TPM2.0-TSS for Linux: see [INSTALL](INSTALL)
* [Build TPM2.0-TSS for Windows](doc/buildwindows.md)

## [Run Instructions](doc/run.md)

## [Architecture/Block Diagram](doc/arch.md)

## [Code Layout](doc/layout.md)

## Resources
TPM 2.0 specifications can be found at [Trusted Computing Group](http://www.trustedcomputinggroup.org/).

Commit message:

README: Add warning about deprecation of the resourcemgr code.
Add note in changelog as well.

Signed-off-by: Philip Tricca <philip.b.tricca@intel.com>

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/01org/TPM2.0-TSS.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/01org/TPM2.0-TSS)

# WARNING: Resource Manager Deprecated
The current resource manager implementation in [$(srcdir)/resourcemgr/resourcemgr.c](https://github.com/01org/TPM2.0-TSS/blob/master/resourcemgr/resourcemgr.c) should be considered a prototype only.
It is not suitable for regular use as it has numerous threading issues and likely other latent bugs that can't be quantified without significant investment of time and resources.
As such we've decided to write a new implementation as a proper daemon using dbus and more modern development practices.
Patches fixing issues with the existing resource manager are welcome but this code will be removed as soon as the replacement is ready.

## TPM (Trusted Platform Module) 2.0 Software Stack (TSS):

This stack consists of the following layers from top to bottom:
* _Feature API (FAPI), see [specification 0.12](http://www.trustedcomputinggroup.org/resources/tss_feature_api_specification), (published but still in progress and unimplemented)_
* _Enhanced System API (ESAPI), (specification in progress and unimplemented)_
* System API (SAPI), see [1.0 specification](http://www.trustedcomputinggroup.org/resources/tss_system_level_api_and_tpm_command_transmission_interface_specification), (public, 0.97 implementation complete). This layer implements the system layer API level of the TSS 2.0 specification.   These functions can be used to access all TPM 2.0 functions as described in Part 3 of the TPM 2.0 specification.  The usefulness of this code extends to all users of the TPM, even those not planning to use the upper layers of the TSS.
* TPM Command Transmission Interface (TCTI), used by SAPI to communicate with next lower layer (either the TAB/RM or TPM 2.0 device driver), see [SAPI specification](http://www.trustedcomputinggroup.org/resources/tss_system_level_api_and_tpm_command_transmission_interface_specification)
* Trusted Access Broker/Resource Manager (TAB/RM), see [0.91 specification](http://www.trustedcomputinggroup.org/resources/tss_tab_and_resource_manager), (public, implementation complete).  This layer sits between the system API library code and the TPM.  It is a daemon that handles all multi-process coordination and manages the TPM's internal resources transparently to applications.

Since the FAPI and ESAPI haven't been implemented yet, this repository only contains the SAPI and layers below it, plus a test application for exercising the SAPI.

The test application, tpmclient, tests many of the commands against the TPM 2.0 simulator.  The tpmclient application can be altered and used as a sandbox to test and develop any TPM 2.0 command sequences, and provides an excellent development and learning vehicle.

## Build and Installation Instructions:

* [Build and test the TPM 2.0 simulator](doc/simulator.md)
* Build and install TPM2.0-TSS for Linux: see [INSTALL](INSTALL)
* [Build TPM2.0-TSS for Windows](doc/buildwindows.md)

## [Run Instructions](doc/run.md)

## [Architecture/Block Diagram](doc/arch.md)

## [Code Layout](doc/layout.md)

## Resources
TPM 2.0 specifications can be found at [Trusted Computing Group](http://www.trustedcomputinggroup.org/).
